well howdy there internet people it's
Belle again so the toy soldiers are all
lined up game pieces are on the board we
get to watch it play out live from over
here
and safety well half a world away two
groups people who do not reason why are
ready to face off at the best of their
betters people intent on playing Masters
of the Universe because the offensive
has started right now it's air
operations ground operations are sure to
follow in short order and win those
Turkish troops pour across that border
the Kurds are going to need more troops
because a lot of theirs are tied up
doing silly things right now like
guarding suspected is fighters that's
where they're going to get them those
guards because they're in need them on
the front they wouldn't be able to order
and order them to stay anyway because
these facilities are pretty close to
where the fighting is gonna be and those
people that those facilities are not
going to stand there and let their
friends go it alone right up the road
they're not the United States but when
those facilities become undermanned they
likelihood a jailbreak increases
exponentially and they'll have help from
the outside because contrary to what the
president has said that side is not
defeated they're still out there
but hey once they're back out well
that'll give good clear pretext for the
u.s. to go back in in force I guess if
you're one of the guards there is a more
proactive permanent solution to that
problem but it requires a little moral
flexibility because they are suspects
after all some of them will be innocent
there's about to be a whole lot of gray
area over there and something like
that's pretty likely to happen shows
exactly how horrible this decision was
in his unmatched wisdom couldn't see the
immediate fallout but hey and we got
slogans we got campaign talking points
ending the war the end of the war by
expanding its scope and adding a new
stream of fresh combatants into US
imperialism
because when turkey and the u.s. got
together and decided how best to carve
up a chunk of a third country that was
anti-imperialism which there was a word
for that kind of action I'm pretty sure
it's imperialism see when all this comes
into focus over here we feel silly maybe
a little gone maybe a little guilty it
was a bad move over here over there
sleep it is lethal
what's a bad move over here is a mass
grave over there but we got talking
points we got slogans ended the war
anti-imperialism sounds good but none of
that's happening the only thing that's
happening over there right now is waste
waste probably gonna be a lot of it
anyway it's just a fall y'all have a
good night